---
permalink: /privacy/
title: "Privacy Policy"

---

Last updated: August 01, 2024

This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your information when You use the Service and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You.

We use Your Personal data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, You agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

### Definitions
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:

**Application** refers to Tripperist, the software program provided by the Company.

**Company** (referred to as either "the Company", "We", "Us" or "Our" in this Agreement) refers to Tripperist.

**Device** means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a cellphone or a digital tablet.

**Personal Data** is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.

**Service** refers to the Application.

**Usage Data** refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).

**You** means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.

## Collecting and Using Your Personal Data
### Information Collected while Using the Application
While using Our Application, in order to provide features of Our Application, We may collect, with Your prior permission:

Information regarding your location
We use this information to provide features of Our Service, to improve and customize Our Service. The information may be uploaded to the Company's servers and/or a Service Provider's server or it may be simply stored on Your device.

You can enable or disable access to this information at any time, through Your Device settings.

#### Children's Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13. If You are a parent or guardian and You are aware that Your child has provided Us with Personal Data, please contact Us. If We become aware that We have collected Personal Data from anyone under the age of 13 without verification of parental consent, We take steps to remove that information from Our servers.

If We need to rely on consent as a legal basis for processing Your information and Your country requires consent from a parent, We may require Your parent's consent before We collect and use that information.

#### Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us:

* By email: tripperista@gmail.com
* By visiting this page on our website: https://tripperist.github.io/contact